Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Constable. a boat’s blown in
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hwith the storm.
God.
Come on!
\h\h\h\h-Fletcher?
\h\h\h\hI went aboard. sir.
to see if anyone was alive.
And?
What’s that?
Captain’s log.
\h\h\h\h\h\hELIOT:
This log is a record
and a warning.
And if it finds you.
\h\h\hGod help you.
as he has abandoned
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hDemeter.
We tried to stop him.
If we didn’t succeed.
God have mercy on your souls.
I can’t go back. sir.
Come on.
Hey!
\h\h\h-
Hey. mister! Sit down!
\h\h\h\h\h\hIt’s your turn.
\h\h\h\h\hMAN 2:
Come on. wake up.
\h\h\h\h\h\hMAN 3:
Let’s go back home.
Oppa!
\h\h\hELIOT:
Sixth of July.
made port in Varna. Bulgaria.
Don’t wander far. Toby.
We’re not staying long.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hTOBY:
I won’t. Grandpa. I promise.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hELIOT:
Our crew was a few hands short.
Captain.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hELIOT:
And I have tasked Mr. Wojchek
\h\h\h\h\hto remedy this
before we take on cargo.
\h\h\h\h\h-
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\his looking for
hands all the way to England.
I fold.
Open your ears. men.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hneeds
three able-bodied seamen.
Bound for London.
\hWe pay in gold.
I’m able.
And strong as an ox.
Who are you. boy?
Clemens.
You dress like an educated man.
\h\hWhere did you go to school?
University of Cambridge.
I have a steady hand
with a needle. and. uh...
I have supplies if you’re
in need of a ship doctor.
I-It’s been a while.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hbut I-I do know
my way around a boat. if not.
\h\hLearning about boats ain’t
the same as keeping one afloat.
\h\hWhat did the sailor
ever learn from a book
that did him an ounce of good
\h\hwhen he was lost at sea?
Astronomy. for one.
\h\h\hCan lose a chart.
You can lose a compass.
But you can’t lose
the stars. can you?
Never met an Englishman in such
\ha hurry to return to England.
Be gone as soon as we reach it.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hno doubt.
We need strong crew.
\h\h\hnot passengers.
Me?
You.
No. never mind you.
\h\h\h\hWOJCHEK:
What’s he saying?
He says they cannot stay.
The hell they can’t.
\hWe need their hands
or we lose the tide.
He says they need to leave
\h\h\hbefore the sun sinks.
What kind of nonsense is that?
\h\h-
For your men.
We go now.
Men!
\h\hThis is more than I paid
to bring the damn cargo here.
What did he spit at the end?
\h\h\h"Good leave"
or "good riddance"?
"Good luck."
-Come on. pull!
Pull!
Come on. pull!
\h-
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hMAN:
See. let go. Let go!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h-
\h-
Toby!
-Are you all right. boy?
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h-
\hToby?
Mr. Wojchek. hold that man!
\h\h\h\hYou never said
nothing about dragons.
I know this mark.
It is a bad omen.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hWOJCHEK:
You could have killed the boy.
I don’t give a whore’s ass
\h\h\h\h\h\habout dragons!
\h\h\hKeep your gold.
the devil’s serpent.
God save you all.
May he save the ship.
May he save the crew.
Are you all right?
-You injured?
\h\h\h-Mm-mm.
-Thank you. Mr. Clemens.
\h\h\h\h\h\h-Yeah. sure.
We leave port within the hour.
\h\hYou prove to be lying about
knowing your way around a boat.
I’ll throw you off the boat
\h\h\h\hmyself. astronomer.
Uh. th-thank you. sir.
Larsen. get this stinking bunch
\h\h\hof cockroaches underway.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hLARSEN:
You heard Mr. Wojchek.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hOlgaren.
get those crates stowed.
\h\hTOBY:
Come on.
\h\h-Good boy!
Cast off! Ready the headsails.
\h\h\h\h\hPETROFSKY:
Pull in the moorings!
Be quick about it!
Pull!
-Pull! -WOJCHEK: Give me
\h\h\h\h\ha way to steer.
She moves like a fat pig
\h\hwith all this weight.
Do you see that beam up there?
That’s where they used to hang
\h\h\h\hpirates and mutineers.
\h\h\h\h\hHave you ever seen
a real dead man. Mr. Clemens?
I have.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h-Really?
-Let me show you the ship.
Captain’s cabin’s
\hthat big door.
\hThere’s lots of maps
and drawings in there.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hbut captain
doesn’t like me fiddling.
This here is Huckleberry.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h-Oh.
-But we just call him Huck.
\h\h\h\h\h-
Hello. Huck.
That’s the cargo hold.
Everything there is
headed for London.
You knock on wood like this
\h\hif there’s any trouble.
Or to signal a change of watch
or if the sky’s looking fierce.
\h\h\h\h\h\hYou can hear it
all the way from the bunks
to the captain’s
on a clear night.
-I swear.
\h\h-Mm.
I’ve heard it.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h
Yes. I believe you have.
This is where we eat.
This used to be a lumber ship.
\h\h\h\h\h\hbuilt the old way.
But now everyone wants
\h\h\h\h\hsteam ships.
Captain says there’s no joy
\h\h\h\h\h\hin metal ships.
Well. that’s the thing
about progress. innit?
\h\h\h\hIt cares not for joy.
your captain’s or otherwise.
\h\h\h\h\ha fine boat.
No doubt.
Meet my crew. Mr. Clemens.
The faster we eat them.
\h\h\hthe less crap
I have to clean up.
\h\h\h\h\h\h-CLEMENS: Mm.
Ah-ah. Huck.
You know the rules.
And up here is the galley.
-Joseph.
\h\h-Huh?
This here is Clemens.
He’s a doctor. A real one.
We eat at six bells--
\h\h\h\hno sooner. no later.
You stay out of the galley.
\hAnd I won’t serve any man who
takes the Lord’s name in vain.
-He means that last one.
\h\h-I mean all of them.
\h\h\h\h\h\hDo you know
who Saint Nicholas is?
Patron saint of sailors.
Well. you’re not a heathen.
\hThank the Lord
for small favors.
Toby. show him to his quarters.
\hAnd get this mutt
out of my kitchen.
Huck!
\h-
\h\h\hELIOT:
On sixth July.
we finished taking in cargo--
\h\h\h\hTurkish cotton.
ten barrels of petroleum
\hand private crates
marked for London--
with nine hands.
Crew of five. one ship doctor.
\h\htwo mates. cook
and myself. captain.
\h\h\h\h\h\h-Fair wind.
-Crew in high spirits.
\h\h-
♪ Oh. they call me
\h\h\h\h\hHangin’ Johnny... ♪
All is well. Captain.
Making about 12 knots
\hon the nor’easter.
Wheel’s kicking a bit.
but she’ll settle down.
12 knots?
\h\h\h\h\hWe’ll reach London
well before August the sixth.
Aye. sir.
For the crew’s sake. we better.
\hAlready finding ways
to spend the bonus pay.
♪ The holy family ♪
♪ So hang. boys. hang ♪
\h\h\h\h\h♪ They say
I hung my mother... ♪
\hI’ve decided this is to be
my final voyage. Mr. Wojchek.
\h\h\h\h\h\hI’m going to buy
a little cottage in Ireland.
\hToby will enjoy
the countryside.
And I promised my daughter
I wouldn’t let the sea air
bleach the future out of him.
I intend to keep that promise.
I will arrange for you
\h\hto be my successor
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hDemeter
as soon as we reach London.
Sir. I...
You’re a good seaman.
\h\h\h\hMr. Wojchek.
\h\hThe ship couldn’t ask for a
better hand to guide her crew.
♪ Away. boys. away ♪
♪ They call me Hangin’ Johnny ♪
♪ So hang. boys. hang. ♪
800 pounds eight ways.
\hand minus the captain
and first mate’s share.
comes to round about...
75 each.
\h\h\h\h\h\h-75?
-Gonna get myself
a proper shave and one of them
\hwaistcoats with the tails on.
Ooh. the English ladies
\h\h\hlove them tails.
Almost... almost as much
\h\h\h\has they love me.
\h\h\h\h\h\hIf you put them
over your face. mm. maybe.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h-
-Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
You’re the funny ones.
\h\h\h\h\h\haren’t you?
\h\hWhat are you lot
gonna do with yours?
"The generous soul
\h\h\h\hwill be made rich.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hand he who waters
will also be watered himself."
Although the Lord
\hmight not mind
if I just simply
\hwatered myself.
Oi! 75!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hDo you know
what I will do this much?
\h\h\h\h(laughs) The same thing
that you always do. Petrofsky.
Find the nearest brothel
and spend the next month
absolutely up to
your gills in...
Mr. Abrams. if you please.
Apologies. Captain.
-Forgot about the lad.
I’m almost nine.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hI know
what a brothel is. anyway.
Do you. now?
Yeah.
\hIt’s a place we pay women
to take off their knickers.
\h-Ah. I love kids!
\h\h\h\h\h\hPETROFSKY:
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah.
\h\h\h\h\hTOBY:
Well. isn’t it?
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hELIOT:
Oh. close enough. lad.
Close enough.
Well. Mr. Clemens.
\h\hwhat about you?
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h-Sir?
-Our charter has agreed
to pay a sizable bonus
\h\hfor timely arrival
of his cargo in London.
You’re part of the crew.
which means you earn
\ha crewman’s share.
How do you plan spending it?
A new petticoat. perhaps?
\h\hWell. everything I desire
in this life. unfortunately.
coin will be of no aid.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h
And what would that be. now?
To understand this world.
\h\h\h\h\hThe more of it I see.
the less any of it makes sense.
The world cares little
for sense. Mr. Clemens.
Perhaps it is not meant
\h\h\hto be understood
but rather experienced
\h\h\h\h\hand accepted.
Perhaps.
\hBut I need to get
to the heart of it.
And understand why
the world has so much goodness
\h\h\h\h\hinside it and yet...
\h\h(chuckles) Isn’t that
what all men desire. mm?
Deep down.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hABRAMS:
Well. hell. he’s right.
I’ll have his share. then.
\h-
What the devil is that?
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hELIOT:
Toby. See to the livestock.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h-Toby?
What’s gotten into them?
It’s probably just the weather.
Hey. they can sense
\h\ha storm coming.
Toby. give me a hand with this.
That should put them to rest.
What was that. Mr. Clemens?
Fetch the captain. lad.
Tell him something fell
\h\hin the cargo hold.
\h\h\h\h-
\h\h\h\h\h\h-Stay with me.
Stay with me.
Come on.
-What in the seven hells?
\h\h-She was below deck.
A stowaway.
A stowaway who is going to die
if we don’t administer
\hproper medical care.
You want to help her?
Who knows what kind of diseased
\h\h\hrat infections she has...
\h\h\h\h\h-Captain.
-What do you need?
Her body’s infected.
I need to attempt
\ha transfusion.
-What are you babbling?
\h-A blood transfusion.
\h\h\h\hShe needs blood
to fight the infection.
\h\h\hWOJCHEK:
You’re joking.
You are of aid to me or you are
\hin my way and need to leave.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hIn either case.
please make yourself apparent
and fulfill your purpose.
\h\h\h-
\hCLEMENS: She’ll make it the
night. but I need to continue
\h\hwith the transfusions until
she has no more infected blood.
We’ve done all we can.
Then maybe she’ll
\hwake up in time to see us
toss her to the waves.
\h\h\h\hWe let Poseidon deal
with stowaways-- always have.
I didn’t save this girl’s life
\h\h\honly to watch you end it.
At least let us off
\hat the next port.
"Us." is it?
I see where your loyalty lies.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hMr. Clemens.
We stop. then we forfeit
\h\h\h\h\hthe bonus wage.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hAnd I ain’t
forfeiting the bonus wage
for you or your diseased whore.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hELIOT:
Mr. Wojchek. lower your voice.
Control your language.
I would prefer not to have
\h\h\h\h\h\hmy final voyage
Demeter
marred by the death
\hof a young woman.
Stowaway or not.
\hWe will repurpose
the carpenter shed
-as the young woman’s quarters.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h-Thank you. sir.
And you will be solely dividing
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hyour own rations
with your patient. Mr. Clemens.
\h\hToby.
-You’ll look after her for me.
\h\h\h\h\h\hwill you? -Mm-hmm.
Anyone tries to see her.
\h\h\h\h\hyou come get me
-or the captain straightaway.
\h\h\hyou understand? -Yeah.
All right. then. Go on.
\h\hThat’s a good lad.
You’re making
\hall sorts of friends.
aren’t you. Mr. Clemens?
Woman on the ship.
\h\hBad omen. Hmm?
Bad luck.
Men won’t be happy.
The men don’t need to be happy.
\h\h\h\h\hdo they. Mr. Olgaren?
They just need to get this boat
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hto London. huh?
\hI’m trying to help you. son.
Keep spouting words like that.
Maybe she’ll make it
\h\hto London. but...
\h\h\hbut I reckon
you’ll be swimming.
Knock if you need me.
-Saves the pipes.
\h\h\h\h\h\h-Mm.
-Understand?
\h\h\h\h-Aye!
Islands and rocks
everywhere here.
So we’re in the Aegean. yes?
It’s the Mediterranean at dawn.
It’s good time. innit?
Greece should be
to our starboard.
Mr. Olgaren?
Olgaren?
Jesus Christ!
Did you see it?
Did no one pass by?
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hSee what?
There’s no one on deck but us.
There is something out there.
Someone.
What the...
Oh. God. Huck.
All the livestock?
Any man with knowledge
\h\hof this heinous act
\hneeds to step forward now or
find themselves in irons later.
The girl...
\h\h\h\h\h\hWas in no shape
to do anything of the sort.
\hand Mr. Wojchek can attest to
that. even if he’d rather not.
Aye.
He’s right on this.
She didn’t need to.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hWe all know.
Bad luck. woman on board.
Makes skies turn.
\hanimals go mad.
The dog was ripped into.
Perhaps he went rabid
\h\hand was gored by
one of the larger livestock
\h\h\h\has it attacked it.
You think Huck did this?
Ripped apart the animals?
No. He’s a good dog.
\h\h\h\h\hWOJCHEK:
You heard the man.
Rabies. Bad luck is all.
Push on through as we always do.
\h\h\hIf this is an outbreak.
then we’ll need to make port.
\h\h\h-Captain... -No. No. -No.
we won’t make our bonus. then.
\hWhat are you talking about?
Then we lose the bonus wage.
We can’t make port. No.
\h\hELIOT: Mr. Clemens.
a malady of this sort.
could a human catch it?
No.
\hRabies. it-it can’t pass to
a human without it being bit.
Dispose of the meat.
Immediately.
I guess we say
\h\h\hthe Lord’s Prayer
\hover cabbage and potatoes
for the rest of our voyage.
Have you all been struck dumb?
It’s not rabies that opened up
\h\h\h\h\hthe livestock cages.
\h\h\hAnd there is only
two people on this boat
I have not sailed with fore now:
in the toolshed
\h\hand this darky savage
pretending to be doctor.
\h\h-Mm?
Say it again.
\h\h\h\hOLGAREN:
No man did this.
Evil is on board.
Powerful evil.
DRACULA
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hAnna.
\h-
-That bloody reeks.
\h\hToby?
Toby?
Hey.
Huck was a good dog. son.
I’m sorry.
It wasn’t just Huckleberry.
I promised the captain I--
\h\h\hIt was my job
to look after them.
The animals. I mean.
I-I promised the captain.
Hmm.
Toby...
sometimes things go wrong.
no matter what we promise.
All right?
There are things in this world
\h\h\h\hthat we can’t control.
but we do our best. Hmm?
Yeah.
Thanks. Mr. Clemens.
Go on.
\h\h-
The skies are angry.
\h\h\hCLEMENS: The skies
feel nothing. my friend.
It’s precipitation
\hand air pressure.
\h\h\h\h\h\has knowable as
the workings of this ship.
I saw something last night.
There is something unnatural
\h\h\h\h\h\hon board with us.
\h\hI’m afraid I don’t believe
in superstitions. Mr. Olgaren.
I believe in science
\h\h\hand in nature.
And in Saint Nicholas.
\hsince Joseph wouldn’t
give me food otherwise.
Keep your science.
\h\h\h\hI saw your face
in the dark last night.
Your eyes.
You saw it. same as I.
\h\h\hELIOT:
16th of July.
Rough weather last three days
and all hands busy with sails.
Our ship’s doctor continues
\h\h\h\hto administer regular
transfusions to our stowaway.
yet her condition
remains unchanged.
Food is running sparse.
men downcast.
and now past Cape Matapan.
we’ve more than two weeks
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hto travel.
\h\h\h\h\h\hTOBY:
Her name is Anna.
\h\h\h\h\hCLEMENS:
She told you that?
Has she been awake?
Mr. Olgaren taught me
\h\h\h\hsome Romani.
She speaks some English
\h\h\h\hsometimes. too.
She didn’t say this one
\h\h\h\hso much. but...
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hI don’t think
she’s having very nice dreams.
She repeats a word
\h\hover and over.
"Feed."
\h\h\hJOSEPH:
Can’t sleep?
You noticed it. too. then.
The rats.
Still quiet.
I was checking the larder.
\h\h\h\h\hThey’re all gone.
Gone? What do you mean gone?
I mean what I say. Gone.
Always a dozen or so
\h\hin the woodwork.
screeching. scrabbling.
Well. if... if Huck went rabid.
perhaps. before the livestock.
\h\h\h\h\hhe drove them off...
You could burn this ship
to the keel. Mr. Clemens.
\h\hand the rats would
just nest in the ashes.
Something drove them off.
A boat without rats.
such a thing is against nature.
Abrams?
Playing some kind
\hof fool’s joke.
Idiots playing games. huh?
Abrams?
\h\hWhere the hell
did you come from?
Petrofsky?
\h\h\h-
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hELIOT:
The knife was found here?
And the wheel was tied off?
Petrofsky must have been drunk.
\h\h\h\h\hSlipped on the deck
and (scoffs) fell overboard.
Right after he bled
all over the deck?
And what were you doing up
in the middle of the night?
You had his knife in your hand
\h\h\h\h\h\hwhen we found you.
Of course. I-I killed him.
And somehow managed
\h\hto keep myself
\h\h\h\hfree of all the blood
you see staining the boards.
then I rang the signal bell
\h\h\h\h\hto report myself.
It’s quite brilliant.
\hinnit. Mr. Wojchek?
Open-and-shut case.
Captain. the dog’s body.
\h\h\h\h\hI examined it.
It wasn’t killed in the larder
\h\h\h\hlike the other animals.
It had bite marks on its neck.
\h\h\h\h\hAll the animals did.
What exactly are you
\hsuggesting. Mr. Clemens?
\h\h\h\h\hCLEMENS:
I don’t know. sir.
\h\h\hbut their arteries were
ripped open. and then they...
He’s here.
He is here.
We have to get off this boat.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hNow!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hAll of us!
We have to get off this boat!
\h\h\h\h-Mr. Clemens. restrain
your patient. -
-Now! He will kill us all!
\h\h-Please! Anna. please!
-Anna. please! Please!
\h\h\h\h\h-Kill us all!
-Get off the boat.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h-
Captain will say a few words
\h\h\h\h\hfrom the good book.
and we’ll get on with things.
There’s not enough liquor
on board to get Petrofsky
-drunk enough to fall off...
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h-Mr. Abrams.
\hAre we not gonna listen to
the lass and what she just...
I’ll spend no more time
\h\hdiscussing anything
but the state of this boat
\h\h\h\h\hand the weather.
Understood. Mr. Abrams?
\h\h\h\h\hGet to work.
\h\h\hELIOT:
18th of July.
Men reported in the morning
\hthat one of the crew.
Petrofsky. was missing.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hI had the men do
a thorough search of the ship.
This after Olgaren confided
that he had seen something
\h\hstrange nights before.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hCLEMENS:
These blood transfusions
should keep your infection
\h\h\h\h\h\hunder control.
So. what were you trying
\h\hto tell us out there?
He is here on the ship.
He has been all along.
He?
Okay.
\h\h\h\hI can’t help you
if you don’t speak to me
\hand tell me what happened.
why we found you below deck.
It is spoken in my village
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hof an evil
\h\h\h\h\h\hthat lives
in the mountains above.
A castle older than any of us.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h-Evil?
-An evil that appears as a man
when it wants to hide
\h\hits true nature.
\h\h\hAnd at night. he feeds
on the blood of the innocent.
\hI have lived in the shadow
of that castle my whole life.
I knew that the elders. they...
\h\h\h\h\hthey made bargains
for the safety of our people.
You were given to this man?
-It is not a man.
-Then an animal?
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hNo. it is not
some mindless animal either.
Do not make that mistake.
We call him Dracula.
\h\h\h\h\hAnd you-you believe
that he brought you on board?
Why?
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hANNA:
He brought me here to feed.
Dear God.
He is here. Mr. Clemens.
The thing that wears
\hthe skin of a man.
\h\h\hIn the night.
it drinks our blood.
and he is on this ship.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hWhich means
that we will never leave it.
The woman.
she seems harmless. but...
ever since she came on board.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hI wonder if...
\hif we would have been better
just to let the ocean have her.
But then I think about
\h\h\h\h\hmy daughter.
She’s around her age and...
smart and-and pretty.
\h-
Olgaren?
\h\h\hWhat’s wrong?
I heard your knock.
My knock?
\h\h\h-
Please. no!
Please. no.
\h\h\h\h\hWOJCHEK:
Pull. you bastards!
Pull!
Abrams!
Where the devil is Larsen?!
-Larsen! Larsen!
-Olgaren!
-Larsen!
Larsen!
-That’s it.
\h\h\h-
Olgaren. where’s Larsen?
Olgaren. Hey.
\h\hCLEMENS:
There he is.
\h\h\h\h-
- Hold him!
Guys!
\h\h\hELIOT:
24th of July.
There seems some doom
\h\h\h\hover the ship.
\h\h\halready a hand short
entering the Bay of Biscay
with wild weather ahead.
\hAnd last night. a second man
lost and another man injured.
A strange injury.
Men all in a panic of fear.
We are 18 days at sea.
The closest port is England.
We must put our trust in God
\h\h\h\h\h\hand go forward.
\h\h\h\hCLEMENS:
He’s cold as ice.
He makes noises and he moves.
\h\hbut his eyes won’t open.
Like he’s unable to wake
\h\h\h\hfrom some dream.
But what happened to his neck?
And what was he doing
\h\h\hin the rigging?
Anything could have happened.
\h\h\hPerhaps some rigging
wrapped around his throat.
No. No. no. no.
This looks like a bite.
It looks like the same bites
\h\h\hwe saw in the animals.
the same bites that ravaged the
\hgirl in the carpenter’s shed.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hWOJCHEK:
You think some devil did this?
Like she says?
I...
...do not.
\h\h\h\h\h\h-Good.
-But something did.
And that is real and on board.
\h\h\h\hwhether we choose
to believe in it or not.
From now on.
\h\h\h\hI want two men
for every watch. armed.
No exceptions.
Search the ship. Mr. Wojchek.
Not just the hold.
Everywhere.
All right. Toby.
You have quite the task.
A captain...
is only as good as his spyglass.
\h\h\h\hCan I trust you
to shine it up for me?
If it’s too much to...
No.
I mean. no. sir.
I can do it. I swear.
Good lad.
\h\h\h-
-I’ll be back soon.
Toby. lock the door.
\h\h\h\h\h\hABRAMS:
I don’t like this.
\h\hSun’s going down.
and he’ll be coming.
Hello?
\h-
Mr. Olgaren. you’re up.
Mister...?
\h\h-
Mr. Olgaren?
\h\h\h\h\h\hMr. Olgaren.
will you please go away?
\h\h-
\h\h\h\h\h\h-
\h\hPlease.
That’s every mast.
Any other strokes of genius.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hMr. Clemens?
Do you hear that?
What?
\h
Oh. my God.
Help!
\hCLEMENS:
Toby! Toby!
Olgaren?
\h\h\h\hCLEMENS:
Help!
Toby.
Toby?
\h\h-ELIOT: Open the door!
\h-
Toby. open the door.
\h\h\h-ELIOT: Toby?
Open the door!
\h\h\h\h-
\h\h-Open the door.
Toby?
Open the-- Toby! Toby!
Toby!
\h-ELIOT: Toby!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hCLEMENS:
I can’t reach the lock.
Toby!
\h-Toby!
-Toby!
Toby! Toby!
\h-ELIOT: Toby! Toby!
Move!
\h\h\h-Toby!
Toby!
\hToby?
Toby. Toby.
Oh. my God.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hELIOT:
You will be fine. my boy.
Everything will be fine.
\h\h\h\h\hMr. Clemens
will take care of us.
\h\hELIOT:
August 1st.
\h\hWe must be past
the Strait of Dover.
Still five days to London.
God seems to have deserted us.
\hand we are drifting
to some terrible doom.
Lord help us.
He’s mad.
As if possessed.
\h\h-JOSEPH: Possessed by
that beast? -Oh. no. no.
Not in the way you mean.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hat least.
It’s like a poison or...
an infection.
\hWOJCHEK:
Infection?
Not like any I’ve ever seen.
I can feel it.
Olgaren?
Can you hear me?
I can hear everything.
The sea.
The wind.
The blood pumping in your veins.
It burns.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hBurn?
Maybe he needs some water.
It burns.
Olgaren?
\hBurns.
It burns! It burns!
It burns!
Oh. for God’s sake.
Will someone say something?
What the hell happened to him?
I warned you.
I warned all you. didn’t I?
\h\h\h\hIt is a punishment
brought down for our sins.
Petrofsky. a criminal.
Olgaren. gypsy heathen.
A whoremonger. a lecher.
And from Gomorrah herself...
Oh. will you shut the hell up.
\h\h\h\h\h\hyou bleedin’ idiot!
Abrams. take the morning watch.
\h\h\hAnd. Joseph. you are
to relieve him when he’s...
That child will be the next
\h\hto rise up from death.
\hSatan’s black blood pumping
corruption through his veins.
God’s anger has come upon
this vessel like Jonah...
Just shut it up!
See to the supplies.
Whatever was in Olgaren...
...it’s fair to assume
\h\h\hit is in the boy.
He has all the same symptoms.
But your blood transfusions
\h\h\h\h\h\hsaved the girl.
-Not Toby.
\h-
He’s smaller. He’s weaker.
\h\h\h\h\hThe wound was worse.
and the blood loss is greater.
Just...
I don’t know. I think. uh...
\h\h\h\h\hI think we might
have to start discussing...
\hGo on.
Look him in the eye
\h\hwhen you do it.
That’s not what I meant.
That is not what I meant.
It has to be hiding here.
\h\h\hIf we can find it.
\h\hI think we might be able to
figure out a way to save him...
\h\h\hAre you sure the boy is
the one that’s on your mind?
Get to your bunk.
\hWe’re running out of men
for the watch at this rate.
Anna.
\hYou’re going to open
the crates. aren’t you?
Yes.
Go back to the shed
and bolt the door.
\h\h\h\h\h\hWe are all trapped
on the same ship. Mr. Clemens.
\hAre you forgetting it needs
to feed because you saved me?
I’m coming with you.
This thing has killed
\h\h\hmost the crew.
Then imagine what it will do
\hif we let it get to London.
Let’s go.
If we do find your devil.
\h\hwill bullets kill it?
He has controlled my village
\h\h\h\h\h\hfor generations.
\h\h\h\hDo you think I have
any notion how to kill him?
I never liked guns.
I want you to have...
Let’s see. Sixth of July.
\h\hPrivate cargo consigned
for Carfax Abbey in London.
Doesn’t say the owner.
\h\hHe told Jonah.
and he was spared.
He was spared.
"I cried out to the Lord
because of my affliction.
"and he answered me.
"Out of the belly of Sheol
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hI cried.
"and you heard my voice.
\h\h\h-
"For you cast me into the deep.
into the heart of the seas."
\h\h\h\h-CLEMENS: Why London?
Because in my country.
there is no one left
\h\h\h\h\hto feed on.
Let’s start with this one.
Dirt.
It’s nothing but dirt.
Nothing.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hANNA:
This one looks different.
Look.
\h\h\h\h\hWe have found
where the devil sleeps.
\h\h\h\h-
\h-
\h\h\h-
DRACULA
\h\h\h\h\h\h"I cried.
and you heard my voice."
Oh. Lord...
Oh. Lord.
Oh. God.
Oh. God!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hABRAMS: Hey!
The starboard lifeboat’s gone!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hWOJCHEK:
Abrams. do you see it?
No. There’s nothing here.
Nothing.
\h\h\hNo.
Sir. not supposing you heard?
\h\h\h\h\hYou would have made
a good captain. Mr. Wojchek.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h
If we had just seen London.
Mr. Wojchek.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hHow’s Toby?
Shall I bring him some...
What the hell is happening
\h\h\h\h\h\hon this ship?!
\h\h\hCLEMENS:
Captain Eliot.
We’ve. uh...
we’ve wrapped Toby’s body
\h\h\h\h\hin canvas. sir.
We’re a doomed crew.
\h\h\h\hMr. Clemens.
On a doomed ship.
We no longer plot our course.
The devil below does.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hAnd we all know
where he plans to deliver us.
To hell. Mr. Clemens.
Each of us. one by one.
Captain?
Dear Lord...
...take this sweet boy.
May he never again be hungry.
never be cold...
...never be scared.
\h\h\hThis world is
cruel and uncaring.
May Toby find his next home
\h\h\h\hto be a kinder one.
Amen.
Wait.
I saw him move. He’s alive.
Captain Eliot. the boy
\h\hhas no breath in his body.
He has no heartbeat. He’s gone.
Uh...
Captain. you should sit.
I tell you. he’s alive.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hHe moved.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hCLEMENS:
Captain Eliot. please.
\h\h-No!
Mr. Wojchek.
can I... can I speak with you?
We have a plan. If we can...
\h\h\hYou seen what I seen
and you still want to plan.
This ain’t Cambridge.
\h\h\h\h\hastronomer.
You can’t think your way
\h\h\h\hout of this one.
\h\h\h\h\hI was one of
the first Black doctors
to graduate from Cambridge
\h\h\hwith medical degree.
Have I told you that?
Well. that’s very nice
\h\h\h\h\h\hfor you...
I applied to all the best
hospitals in the country.
Immediately. I was told there
were no positions available.
I fought tooth and nail
\h\h\hfor my education.
\h\h\h\h\hand yet no one
would let me practice it.
Finally. I was offered
\h\ha position by post.
Royal physician to King Carol
\h\h\h\hthe First of Romania.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hMy name.
it reached them somehow.
\h\hBut the color of my skin.
it would later seem. had not.
Captain Eliot once asked me
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hover dinner
what I most desired.
\h\h\hI told him I wanted
the world to make sense.
\h\h\h\h\hI need this world
to make sense. Mr. Wojchek.
This beast--
and mark my words.
\h\hit is a beast--
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hdeep down.
I need it to make sense. too.
I need to know why
\h\h\h\h\hit is the way it is
and why it does what it does.
And then I will remind
\h\hthe beast that it.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hlike the world.
has absolutely no hold over me.
And then?
And then I want to kill
\h\h\hthe cursed thing.
If we barricade this cabin.
we are a day from London
\h\h\h\h\hwith this wind.
Can’t set more sail.
\h\hcrew what it is.
\hCLEMENS: What. you want us to
wait around. eyes in the dark.
served up and ready for dinner?
\h\h\h\h\h\hWOJCHEK: It ran
from our guns in the night.
\h\h\hIt won’t risk
an outright attack.
Running?
\h\h\h-It’s...
It was not running.
It was rationing.
Rationing?
One a night.
\h\hOnce we had hit open waters
and could no longer make port.
It hid below deck.
sustaining off Anna until then.
But now it has us right where
\h\hit wants us. doesn’t it?
\h\h\h\h\h\hLike he said.
London’s only a day away.
It no longer needs us.
\h\h\h\hSo we have to kill it
before it reaches the coast.
\hABRAMS:
Kill it?
We can’t even find it.
No. we can’t.
It is why we’re to set a trap.
We must sink the ship.
With him on it.
Demeter?
Have you gone mad?!
\h\hCLEMENS:
She’s right.
\h\h\hWe set up an ambush and
leave it on the sinking ship.
\h\h\hThen we can escape
on one of the lifeboats.
\hIf the course is right. we
should be able to make shore.
This is my home.
And I won’t tear her apart
\h\hfor this fucking thing!
I grew up on a boat.
\h\h\h\hMr. Wojchek.
Just like this one.
My father was a deckhand
\h\h\h\h\hhis whole life.
He always told me that the...
the ship. the living part.
is the men on board.
The crews.
The stories.
\h\hEverything else is
just timber and nails.
No!
This is my home.
She’s mine.
It’s going to be me.
\h\h\h\h\h\hCLEMENS:
We barricade the hold.
so that he only has
one way out on deck.
\h\h\h\h\hAs night falls.
Anna will be at the helm.
When it comes for her.
we’ll have a clear shot
\hfrom the crow’s nest.
We sink the ship
and send the wounded beast
\h\h\h\hto a watery grave.
\hELIOT:
21 July.
Fourth August.
\h\h\hIt dare not touch--
You got to get Toby home.
1830...
Captain.
No. uh. people need to know.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hUh. logs.
There needs to be a record.
is lost. sir.
We’re abandoning ship.
Abandoning ship?
Aye. sir.
Mr. Wojchek’s below deck making
\h\h\hpreparations as we speak.
We’ll leave the beast
\h\h\ha sinking ship
as a farewell gift.
He comes to me.
\hHe whispers to me
behind my own eyes.
He can bring Toby back.
\h\h\hHe took him away.
He can bring him back.
Captain. come to your senses.
You know that’s not possible.
Toby...
Toby.
I just need to bring
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hto shore.
I’m sorry. Mr. Clemens.
-No! -ANNA: Captain.
\h-
You have seen him as I have.
You know deep down
\hthat is not all.
When I dream. sometimes...
I remember who I was.
Before him.
But most often. I think of
\h\hthe box he kept me in.
How every time he came for me
\h\h\hand tore into my flesh.
drank his fill.
dirt would seep into
\h\hthe fresh wound.
filling me up.
Demeter.
Picture Toby’s face.
His smile. his laugh.
And think of that dirt
\h\hfilling him up. too.
\h\h\hbecause that’s
what the devil does.
\h\h\h\hHe takes what is good
and what you love. and he...
he uses it. and he twists it.
\hand he rots it from within.
\h\hDo not let him do that
to the memory of your boy.
I will...
I will sail the ship
\h\h\h\h\hout to sea.
And when she finally goes...
\h...the monster will never be
able to reach the home I knew.
That Toby knew.
Captain.
there’s no need for you
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hDemeter.
Where would I go. Mr. Clemens?
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hABRAMS:
Do you think this’ll work?
It has to.
There she is.
\h\h-
The shores of England.
\h\h\h\h\h\hAnd looks like
there’s a storm blowing in.
Keep your eyes on the deck.
I can’t see a bloody thing.
Quiet.
You don’t need to be here.
You could stay below deck
\h\h\hwith Captain Eliot.
Stay safe.
We are connected.
the devil and I.
You are smart enough
\h\hto have noticed.
I can sense him.
Feel him somehow.
He feels it. too.
He will come for me.
And while he’s focused on me.
\h\h\h\hyou know what to do.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hABRAMS:
Where the bloody hell is it?
\hCLEMENS:
What is it?
He knows. Mr. Clemens.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hCLEMENS:
Dear God. It has wings.
It’s coming!
Please. Wojchek!
Wojchek. help me!
\h-
For God’s sake. cut it!
\h\h\h\h\h\h-
Wojchek!
\h-Wojchek!
\h-
\h\h\h\h\h-Wojchek!
\h\h\h-
-We’re coming!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hWOJCHEK:
No! Get the lifeboat ready!
\h\h\h-
\h\h\hGo!
\h\h\h\hWe have to hurry!
We’re close to the shore!
We need Wojchek!
\h\h\hAnd the captain!
\h\h\hCLEMENS:
I’ll find ’em!
Cut the ropes if you have to.
\h\h\h\h\h\hbut get it free!
Forgive me.
\h\h-
Wojchek!
\h\h\h-
Where are you?
Wojchek.
Anna.
Captain.
Captain!
He’s coming. He’s coming!
Anna!
Captain!
Oh. my Lord.
I renounce you. devil!
I renounce you...
Captain.
Mr. Clemens.
Let them know. will you?
Let them know I was true...
to my trust.
I will. Captain. I promise.
You want them to believe
\h\h\hthat you’re a god!
You and I both know
\hthat you’re not!
You bleed like any of us!
You sleep in dirt!
You feed!
Above all else. you feed!
You want us to... to fear you!
Underneath. you’re afraid!
\h\h\h\h\hYou’re afraid of
what lies on the other side
as any other living thing!
\h-
You are in my head.
In my blood.
You have damned me to hell!
\h-
You bastard!
\h\h\h\h\h-Anna!
Anna. get to the boat.
\h\h-
I do not...
f-fear you.
You will.
Die. you devil!
\h\h-
Jesus.
\h\h\h\h\h-BOY: What’s wrong?
-Run and fetch the constable.
Tell him there’s a ship trying
\hto get through the breakers.
The coast...
so close.
It’s close.
Mr. Clemens.
No.
No. No.
I have known for days now.
I’m sorry.
Another transfusion...
Would only delay
\hthe inevitable.
We both know that.
But I can... I can...
-If I just...
\h\h\h\h-No.
I don’t want to become...
My whole life...
...my people.
the devil.
they chose for me.
I choose this.
No one else.
You saved me.
And you me.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hIt’s all about
the ghost ship at Whitby.
No survivors.
How about you. sir?
The Dailygraph?
\h\h\hGet your paper here.
only a cost of a tuppence.
It’s all about the ghost ship
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hat Whitby.
No survivors.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\hCLEMENS:
I’ve arrived in London.
The creature hunts for blood
\h\h\hsomewhere in the city.
but I know where it lays
to rest during the day.
\h\hBARMAID:
Carfax Abbey?
You the new owner?
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hCLEMENS:
No. miss. Just looking for him.
Oh. well. it’s a couple hours
\h\h\h\h\hto reach the abbey
in a carriage from here.
It gets dark on the moors.
\h\h\h\h\hIf I was you.
I’d wait till morning.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hYou know. miss.
I was thinking the same thing.
\h\h\hI have finally seen
the true darkness
\h\h\hthat dwells beneath
the surface of this world.
the evil that neither science
\h\h\hnor reason can explain.
Yet I have also seen its beauty
and those willing to give all
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hto protect it.
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hAnd so
I will pursue this foul beast.
\h\h\hAnd I swear by those
who have given their lives
that I will extinguish
\h\h\h\h\hthis blight
and send it back to hell.